Add a warning (#860)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-publishing/publish-release-notes.md

        }
    ]
    ```
    
    
{{<notebox>}}

> **Warning**: Apple does not support `<` and `>` symbols in `release_notes` file. Uploading a file with such symbols will cause the AppStore Connect API to return `409` error and description that text contains invalid characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning**: Apple does not support `<` and `>` symbols in `release_notes` file. Uploading a file with such symbols will cause the App Store Connect API to return `409` error and description that text contains invalid characters.
```
